####Targetting
    Some abilities can only affect people within a maximum range (e.g. ‘STUN 5 [10m]‘). Some require touch (e.g. ‘STUN 5 [touch]’) or other restrictions (e.g.‘STUN 5 [person standing on this platform]’). Some can target only yourself (e.g. ‘HEAL 1 [self]’) or players with a specific quality (e.g. ‘HEAL 1 [only on incapacitated people]’).
    Some calls use the keyword 'MASS' as a target. Everyone who hears a MASS call is affected by it, excluding the caller unless otherwise specified (e.g. ‘MASS TRIP’). A quality can also be designated, in which case anyone possessing that quality within earshot is affected (e.g. ‘MASS Spelltilted TRIP’)
####Silence
    This indicates that characters are not aware an ability has just been used (e.g. ‘SILENT BREAK’). For example, a player with a silently broken gun should act as though nothing is amiss, but does not fire the gun when the time comes. The target should respond ‘NOTED’ to indicate they are aware of the effect and will act appropriately when the time comes. If a call is not SILENT than everyone who heard the call noticed the caller doing something.
####Damage
    Calls may contain damage, which is simply expressed as a number. Many calls will consist only of damage (e.g. ‘TWO’). If a call has both damage and other effects, the damage will always be the called just before the type of any other effects, while numbers after the effect modify the effect itself. Make sure not to get these mixed up- there’s a big difference between ‘ONE STUN 60’ and ‘SIXTY STUN 1’.
    If you are hit by a melee weapon or a dart and your attacker doesn’t make a call, take it as a ONE. If you have such weapons with other effects, be sure to call clearly. You may call ZERO with any weapon at any time to indicate a pulled blow for sparring or a deliberate miss.
####Modification
    Depending on which call is used, there may be additional information provided which changes the effect (e.g. ‘PUSH Jill Walk’ as opposed to ‘PUSH Jill’). Modifications are detailed alongside each call type further below.
####Duration.
    A number may be used immediately after the call and any modifiers, indicating the number of seconds the effect persists for (e.g. ‘SKEW 20’). For longer times, other units may be used (e.g. ‘SKEW 30 minutes’).
    Some abilities may inflict an effect for a length of time depending on other factors, such as for as long as they are successfully maintained. These will have a call using ‘START’ instead of a duration (e.g. ‘Brian SKEW START’). When the effect ends, you must make the same call replacing start with ‘END’ as soon as possible (e.g. ‘Brian SKEW END’). Some abilities may inflict an effect for an indefinite length of time, in which case there will be a START call without a corresponding END call.
####Charge.
    Some abilities need to be charged or ‘wind-up’ for a length of time (e.g. ‘HEAL [3sec charge]‘). This indicates some preparation needs to be undertaken before the call can be used- typically a length of time which must elapse. Charging is an interruptible action unless otherwise specified. Any charge requirements will be listed alongside their calls.
####Maintenance
    This indicates some sort of action or criteria is required from the caller to keep the call active and ‘unwinding’ (e.g. ‘ROOT START [maintained by touching the ground]’). Maintenance is an interruptible action unless otherwise specified. Any maintenance requirements will be listed alongside their calls.
    While charging or maintaining a call, you may not use other abilities. Any targeting requirements (such as range and line of sight) must remain met, or your ability is interrupted. You may not attack, move faster than a walk, or charge or maintain other calls without interrupting yourself. If a call you were charging is interrupted, you must begin the charge again from scratch. If a call you were maintaining was interrupted or terminated, you must call ‘X Y END’ immediately, where X was the initial target and Y was the initial call (e.g. ‘Dan BLIND END’).
####Recharging.
    Calls may need to be recharged or ‘wind-down’ for some length of time (e.g. ‘OVERHEAL 1 [1min recharge]‘) after being used. This indicates that, once successfully used, the call may not be used again until that amount of time has passed. For maintained calls, recharging starts once the maintenance ends. Recharging cannot be interrupted.
